add alb support, upgrade elb resources and documentation (#92)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/r/lb.md

  internal           = true
  load_balancer_type = "application"
  subnets            = [aws_subnet.example.id]

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-alb"
  }
}
```

### Internet-Facing Network Load Balancer

~> **Note** This example uses the VPC and subnet defined in the [Internal Application Load Balancer example](#internal-application-load-balancer).

```terraform
resource "aws_internet_gateway" "example" {
  vpc_id = aws_vpc.example.id

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-igw"
  }
}

resource "aws_eip" "example" {
  tags = {
    Name = "tf-eip"
  }
}

resource "aws_lb" "nlb" {
  depends_on = [aws_internet_gateway.example]

  name               = "tf-nlb"
  internal           = false
  load_balancer_type = "network"

  subnet_mapping {
    subnet_id     = aws_subnet.example.id
    allocation_id = aws_eip.example.id
  }

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-nlb"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `internal` - (Optional) Indicates whether the load balancer will be internal or internet-facing.
* `load_balancer_type` - (Optional) The type of the load balancer.
    * _Valid values_: `application`, `network`
* `name` - (Optional) The name of the load balancer.

>     * _Length of the value_: From 1 to 32 symbols

Reviewer: в пользовательской доке это "Length constraints"
если твой вариант, то тогда просто "Value length"

Author: Поменяла везде на `Value length`

    * _Constraints_:
        * `name` cannot be specified with `name_prefix`
        * The value can contain only Latin letters, numbers and hyphens (`-`)
        * The value must start and end with a Latin letter or number

>         * The value cannot start with prefix `internal-`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * The value cannot start with the prefix `internal-`
```

* `name_prefix` - (Optional) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix.
    * _Length of the value_: From 1 to 6 symbols
    * _Constraints_:

>         * `name_prefix` cannot be specified with `name`

Reviewer: не очень понял, что тут имеется ввиду
cannot be specified if `name` is set (?)

Author: Поправила формулировку

>         * The value constraints are the same as `name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * The value constraints are the same as for `name`
```
и в др. местах, если есть

> -> **Note** If `name` and `name_prefix` are not specified, Terraform will autogenerate a name with a prefix `tf-lb`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note** If `name` and `name_prefix` are not specified, Terraform will autogenerate a name with the prefix `tf-lb`.
```

> * `subnet_mapping` - (Optional) List of subnet ID to IP address mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `subnet_mapping` - (Optional) List of subnet-ID-to-IP-address mappings.
```

> * `subnet_mapping` - (Optional) List of subnet-ID-to-IP-address mappings.

Reviewer 2: маппинги тоже можно изменять
(Optionsl. Editable)

  The structure of this block is [described below](#subnet_mapping).

>     * _Constraints_: `subnet_mapping` is required if `subnets` is not specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Constraints_: `subnet_mapping` is required if the `subnets` attribute is not specified
```
а то немного странно выглядит мн.ч. с глаголом в ед.ч.

Author: Поправила, только вместо атрибута аргумент

* `subnets` - (Optional, Editable) List of subnet IDs.
    * _Constraints_:

>         * `subnets` is required if `subnet_mapping` is not specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * The `subnets` attribute is required if `subnet_mapping` is not specified
```

Author: атрибут -> аргумент

>         * All subnets must be from different available zones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * All subnets must be from different availability zones
```

> ~> **Note** You can only add new subnets to the `subnets` list, removing subnets is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note** You can only add new subnets to the `subnets` list, subnets cannot be removed.
```

> ~> **Note** You can only add new subnets to the `subnets` list, subnets cannot be removed.

Reviewer 2: or subnet_mappings

  
* `tags` - (Optional, Editable) Map of tags to assign to the load balancer.
  If a provider [`default_tags` configuration block][default-tags] is used,
  tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.

### subnet_mapping

The `subnet_mapping` block has the following structure:

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the subnet.
* `allocation_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Elastic IP address allocation.

>   The **internet-facing** load balancer will be available at this IP address.

Reviewer: решила болдом выделять? не тяжело будет выглядеть?

Author: Заменила болд на курсив

* `private_ipv4_address` - (Optional) The private IP address within the specified subnet.
  The **internal** load balancer will be available at this IP address.

> ~> **Note** All subnets specified in the `subnet_mapping` blocks must be from different available zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note** All subnets specified in the `subnet_mapping` blocks must be from different availability zones.
```

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the load balancer.
* `dns_name` - The DNS name of the load balancer.

> * `id` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the load balancer.

Reviewer: ID ?

Author: Если бы..)
